d/Adds a url_suffix attribute to data_source_aws_partition (#5602)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/partition.html.markdown

## Attributes Reference

`partition` is set to the identifier of the current partition.

> `url_suffix` is set to the URL Suffix associated with the current partition.

Reviewer: Can you please add Markdown list syntax for these attributes and clarify what this attribute contains? 👍 

```suggestion
* `dns_suffix` is set to the base DNS domain name for the current partition (e.g. `amazonaws.com` in AWS Commercial, `amazonaws.com.cn` in AWS China).
```

Author: done
